ENGDOCS-2152 (#20378)
docker/docker.github.io: content/includes/compose/deploy.md

> Deploy is an optional part of the Compose Specification. It provides a set of deployment specifications for managing the behavior of containers across different environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy is an optional part of the Compose Specification. It allows you to define a set of deployment configurations that manage the behavior and lifecycle of containers across various environments, particularly when using orchestration tools like Docker Swarm.
```
